Doc update: update overview page and architecture runtime flow/sequence diagrams (#307)
ironcore-dev/network-operator: docs/overview/index.md

# Overview

> The Network Operator is a Kubernetes Operator that manages the lifecycle and configuration of network devices using Kubernetes-native declarative APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Network Operator is a Kubernetes-native solution for automating the provisioning and lifecycle management of network devices. It extends the Kubernetes API to provide a declarative, multi-vendor network automation, allowing you to manage your network infrastructure with the same tools and workflows you use for your applications. By representing network devices and their configurations as Kubernetes objects, the operator bridges the gap between your cloud-native environment and your networking hardware.
```

I would actually like to keep this first paragraph, as I find it quite fitting.
